Emma Kauzmann

User Requirements: 
I will be in charge of part of the User Interface for our group project. My specific areas will build off of Gennie’s areas. They are the topic in which the user will be giving feedback on that connects into the specific feed. The feed will be a more focused aspect of the topic like a week within the “lectures” topic or a specific project within the “assignments” topic. The system will need to build off of itself, where when you select a topic, a specific type of feed will show up. Some topics will be preloaded and come with the template for when a new professor is added. These preloaded topics will be “Lectures” and “Assignments.” Users will have the option to make another topic and create new subtopic feeds that go along with that topic if they wish. Within the “Lectures” topic will be a feeds defined by each week of the semester. Here is where the user can click on the specific week and add to the message board about that lecture. Additionally, if they click on the “Assignments” topic, they can make a specific assignment, like a group project and give feedback based on that project. These requirements are all functional and define how the system will provide its specific service.

System Requirements: 
The software will build off of each other, as stated before. Each button will have to link to another webpage. This is a functional requirement. This software will provide the service of allowing for students to give professor’s immediate feedback on their classes in an anonymous way. This is more of a non-functional requirement. Some operational constraints include the use of an “account” for the user. We do not want to use an account system but will have to have people load in their data and choose if they wish to identify who they are. Once the user gets to the menu of topics, there will be automated topics as stated above. The user can choose one of the two preloaded topics or they can input a new one if they want to. Once the topic is chosen, they will be brought to another page with the specific feeds for that topic. If they chose a lecture, they will have a preloaded list of weeks for the semester. If it is a topic, they will have to had their own feed types and the same will go for if the user adds their own topic in the first place. This is functional requirement. 

